Rewrite the 'PivotGrid - Field Panel' demo description (#1107)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/FieldPanel/description.md

> A field panel is a component that displays pivot grid fields involved in summaries calculation. It consists of four field areas: column, row, data and filter. Field panel allows users to manage fields which makes this component similar to the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser). You can use these components simultaneously as shown in this demo.

Reviewer: > component

By "component" we usually mean our components. Better use "element".

> It consists of four field areas

Unclear what "it" refers to.

> Field panel allows users to manage fields which makes this component similar to the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser).

- a "which" sentence
- "manage" is a broad term, we can be more specific as to how exactly users manage the fields: they drag and drop them

```suggestion
A field panel is an element that displays pivot grid fields involved in summary calculation. The field panel consists of four field areas: column, row, data, and filter. Users can drag and drop fields between these areas, much like in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser). You can use the field panel and the field chooser simultaneously, as shown in this demo.
```

To configure a field panel, use the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel) object. Assign **true** to this object's [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property to display the fields panel. The [allowFieldDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#allowFieldDragging) property defines whether users can drag and drop fields in the field panel. The following properties specify the visibility of fields from various areas in the field panel:

- [showColumnFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showColumnFields)
- [showRowFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showRowFields)
- [showDataFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showDataFields)
- [showFilterFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showFilterFields)

> Use the checkboxes below the pivot grid to show or hide the corresponding fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, you can click the checkboxes below the PivotGrid to enable or disable these properties.

If you do not want users to drag and drop fields, disable the **fieldPanel**.[allowFieldDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#allowFieldDragging) property. In this case, the users can only use the field chooser to reorganize the fields.
```

> If the field panel is visible and the [allowSorting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowSorting) and [allowFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowFiltering) properties are set to **true**, users can click icons to sort or filter pivot grid fields.

Reviewer: This is a declarative sentence. Use them to state facts, describe situations that the reader cannot change.

> The field panel also allows users to sort and filter pivot grid fields. 

That's a fact. The reader cannot change it.

Prefer imperative sentences in other cases. They are more clear and concise. Tell the reader what to do. 

```suggestion
The field panel also allows users to sort and filter pivot grid fields. Click a field to change the sort order. Click a funnel icon to open the filter popup. To enable these features, set the [allowSorting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowSorting) and [allowFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowFiltering) to **true**.
```

> If the field panel is visible and the [allowSorting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowSorting) and [allowFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowFiltering) properties are set to **true**, users can click icons to sort or filter pivot grid fields.
> 
> This demo also shows how to use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) to manage fields displayed in the field panel at runtime. Invoke that menu to hide fields, change summary types, or display field chooser.

Reviewer 2: If the field panel is visible, only then users can click its tabs (changed "icons" to "tabs"). That's why omitted "the field panel is visible" and rewrote the sentence so that it referenced the demo.
The onContextMenuPreparing is used to manage field panel's context menu.
```suggestion
In this demo, we have enabled the [allowSorting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowSorting) and [allowFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowFiltering) PivotGrid properties. This allows users to click field panel's tabs and their funnel icons to sort and filter displayed values, respectively.

Additionally, we have specified the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) handler to add new context menu fields other than "Show Field Chooser". You can now invoke the menu to hide fields and change summary types.
```

> This demo also shows how to use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) to manage fields displayed in the field panel at runtime. Invoke that menu to hide fields, change summary types, or display field chooser.

Reviewer: > use the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) to manage fields displayed in the field panel at runtime

This is technically incorrect. Developers program the handler. Users manage the fields (if the handler is programmed that way).

```suggestion
This demo also shows how to add custom commands to a field's context menu. For instance, right-click the Sales (Sum) field, and you will see three commands. Two of them (Hide field and Summary Type) are custom. Review the **onContextMenuPreparing** handler implemenation to see how these commands are added to the context menu. For more information, refer to the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) help topic.
```

> A field panel is an element that displays pivot grid fields involved in summary calculation. The field panel consists of four field areas: column, row, data, and filter. Users can drag and drop fields between these areas, much like in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser). You can use the field panel and the field chooser simultaneously, as shown in this demo.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A field panel is an element that displays pivot grid fields involved in summary calculation. This panel consists of four field areas: column, row, data, and filter. Users can drag and drop fields between these areas, similar to the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser). You can use the field panel and the field chooser simultaneously, as shown in this demo.
```

> The PivotGrid allows its users to&nbsp;sort and filter data, or&nbsp;manage the collection of&nbsp;fields at&nbsp;runtime. All these operations can be&nbsp;performed using the field panel located at&nbsp;the top of&nbsp;the component. Click the sorting or&nbsp;filtering icon of&nbsp;one of&nbsp;the fields to&nbsp;sort or&nbsp;filter data by&nbsp;this field. Right-click the &laquo;Sales&raquo; field and select an&nbsp;item from the appeared context menu to&nbsp;change the summary type. Drag and drop the fields to&nbsp;rearrange them.

Reviewer 2: > Click the sorting or filtering icon of one of the fields...

After some time I realised that the filter panel is the top panel and the initial sorting panels for this demo are Date year, Date quarter, Date month. What about mentioning about the structure of field panel?

Author: Never mind, this paragraph is to be removed.

> To display the field panel, enable the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property. If you want to hide fields from specific areas, disable the corresponding properties in the **fieldPanel** object:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enable the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property to display the field panel. If you want to hide fields from specific areas, disable the corresponding properties in the **fieldPanel** object:
```

> To display the field panel, enable the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property. If want to specify the visibility of fields from specific areas, set the following properties in the **fieldPanel** object:

Reviewer 2: All the 4 fields are visible by default that's why
```suggestion
To display the field panel, enable the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property. If want to hide fields from specific areas, disable the corresponding properties in the **fieldPanel** object:
```
?

> A field panel is a component that displays unique pivot grid fields. Field panel allows users to manage fields at runtime which makes this component similar to the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser).

Reviewer 2: * The first 2 sentences of the previous para say what field panel does. This sentence  ("A field panel is a component that displays...") also explains the essence of field panel. It would be better to have only a single sentence of such a kind, wouldn't it?

* The doc for  fieldPanel says that "The field panel is a component that displays the fields involved in the calculation of grid summaries." But here's a PivotGrid that has no summaries, but uses field panel: https://codepen.io/PavelDX/pen/abWaraL Thus the quoated sentence is not always appliable?

* The [Field Panel](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Field_Panel) help article says:
> The Field Panel partially covers the functionality provided by the Field Chooser. For example, the user can reorder fields within a single field area or even between them. If this capability is not required, assign false to the fieldPanel.allowFieldDragging property.

Should this be added to this demo?

* 
> "...makes this component similar to the [field chooser]..."

What makes it similar? - should this detail be added? Also, mention that field chooser and filter panel can be used together as in this demo?

Author: >The first 2 sentences of the previous para say what field panel does. This sentence ("A field panel is a component that displays...") also explains the essence of field panel. It would be better to have only a single sentence of such a kind, wouldn't it?

Sorry, I left the first paragraph that should be removed.

>The doc for fieldPanel says that "The field panel is a component that displays the fields involved in the calculation of grid summaries." But here's a PivotGrid that has no summaries, but uses field panel: https://codepen.io/PavelDX/pen/abWaraL Thus the quoated sentence is not always appliable?

I'm pretty sure that the quotated sentence is just excessive. I completely agree that it is not always appliable.

>Should this be added to this demo?

Good idea. Seems like I should tell more about field chooser.

> To configure a field panel, use the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel) object. Assign **true** to this object's [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property to display the fields panel. The [allowFieldDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#allowFieldDragging) property defines whether users can drag and drop fields in the field panel. The following properties specify the visibility of fields from various areas in the field panel:

Reviewer 2: To display the field panel is not to configure it, isn't it?

Author: Completely agree. But the first sentence introduces the whole paragraph. All the properties listed in this paragraph(including the list) are specified in this object.

Reviewer: > display the fields panel

field**s**?

> The [allowFieldDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#allowFieldDragging) property defines whether users can drag and drop fields in the field panel.

I suggest extracting this information into a separate paragraph because it breaks the informartion about visibility into two parts.

> The [allowFieldDragging] ... in the field panel. The following properties ... in the field panel:

Two sentences in a row end with the same phrase.

> various 

Vague word.

```suggestion
To display the field panel, enable the [fieldPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#visible) property. If want to specify the visibility of fields from specific areas, set the following properties in the **fieldPanel** object:
```

- [showRowFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showRowFields)
- [showDataFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showDataFields)
- [showFilterFields](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#showFilterFields)

In this demo, you can click the checkboxes below the PivotGrid to enable or disable these properties.

If you do not want users to drag and drop fields, disable the **fieldPanel**.[allowFieldDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/fieldPanel/#allowFieldDragging) property. In this case, the users can only use the field chooser to reorganize the fields.

The field panel also allows users to sort and filter pivot grid fields. Click a field to change the sort order. Click a funnel icon to open the filter popup. To enable these features, set the [allowSorting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowSorting) and [allowFiltering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#allowFiltering) properties to **true**.

> This demo also shows how to add custom commands to a field's context menu. For instance, right-click the Sales (Sum) field, and you will see three commands. Two of them (Hide field and Summary Type) are custom. Review the **onContextMenuPreparing** handler implemenation to see how these commands are added to the context menu. For more information, refer to the [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing) help topic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This demo also shows how to add custom commands to a field's context menu. For instance, right-click the Sales (Sum) field, and you will see three commands. Two of them (Hide field and Summary Type) are custom. Review the **onContextMenuPreparing** handler implemenation to see how these commands are added to the context menu. For more information, refer to the following help topic: [onContextMenuPreparing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onContextMenuPreparing).
```
